docs/team/sergiovieri.adoc, before:

= Sergio Vieri - Project Portfolio
:site-section: AboutUs
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets

== PROJECT: Acquizition

---

== Overview

Acquizition is a desktop flashcard application for subject revision and language acquisition.

Using a scientifically-grounded SRS (Spaced Repetition System), Acquizition maximizes memory retention by testing the terms most likely to be forgotten soon.

Created with JavaFX, Acquizition has a sleek and intuitive GUI (Graphical User Interface) to streamline the experience for new users, but also sports a CLI (Command Line Interface) to maximize the efficiency of power users. It is written in Java and has around 14k LoC.

== Summary of contributions

* *Major enhancement*: added *the complete quiz mode*, including the full GUI and quiz backend commands. +
The quiz GUI includes the flashcard card view pane on the right, and the quiz panel on the left. +
The quiz commands includes `quiz`, `good` feedback, `bad` feedback, and smart command.

** What it does: allows the user to conveniently test and keep track their understanding of the flashcards inside the card collection
** Justification: This feature improves the product significantly as it is the main feature that Acquizition offers. It also contains a smart command feature where the user can quickly navigate through the cards without having to type redundant commands.
** Highlights: This enhancement required an in-depth analysis of design alternatives, since the quiz mode needs seamless swapping of the card collection GUI and the quiz mode GUI. The implementation too was challenging as separation of different modes and interaction of logic and dynamic UI parts is needed.
** Credits: I learned and applied concepts from CS2103T and the existing codebase.
** Related code: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/46[Advanced Quiz Mode], https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/27[Flashcard Card View]

* *Minor enhancement*:
** Replaces the menu bar with a much more intuitive toolbar. Since menu bar only supports exit and help, moving it to the toolbar with just those two buttons is more reasonable.
*** Related code: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/49[Toolbar]
** Modifies the existing person model to flashcard model, including its components.
*** Related code: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/22[Refactor Flashcard Fields]

* *Other contributions*:

** Project management:
*** Set up Github repository and https://github.com/cs2103-ay1819s2-t12-2/main/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+author%3Asergiovieri[issues]
*** https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Asergiovieri+is%3Aclosed[Reviewed and approved several PRs]
** Enhancements to existing features:
*** Updated the GUI color scheme (Pull requests https://github.com[#33], https://github.com[#34])
*** Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests https://github.com[#36], https://github.com[#38])
** Documentation:
*** Did cosmetic tweaks to existing contents of the User Guide: https://github.com[#14]
** Community:
*** PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): https://github.com[#12], https://github.com[#32], https://github.com[#19], https://github.com[#42]
*** Contributed to forum discussions (examples:  https://github.com[1], https://github.com[2], https://github.com[3], https://github.com[4])
*** Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples:  https://github.com[1], https://github.com[2], https://github.com[3])
*** Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates (https://github.com[1], https://github.com[2])
** Code contributed: https://nus-cs2103-ay1819s2.github.io/cs2103-dashboard/#search=Ser[Reposense]
** Tools:
*** Set Up Travis, AppVeyor, Coveralls, and Codacy
*** Set Up GithubPages
*** Set the minimum requirements for code to be merged to master.

== Contributions to the User Guide


|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the User Guide. They showcase my ability to write documentation targeting end-users._
|===

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=quiz]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=command-summary]

== Contributions to the Developer Guide

|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the Developer Guide. They showcase my ability to write technical documentation and the technical depth of my contributions to the project._
|===

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=quiz]

== Learning Outcomes
* Able to work in a team with responsibilities of different part of code
* Learned how to implement features based on user stories

Commit message:

Add image and intro to PPP

docs/team/sergiovieri.adoc, after:

= Sergio Vieri - Project Portfolio
:site-section: AboutUs
:imagesDir: ../images
:stylesDir: ../stylesheets
:toc:
:toc-title: Table of Contents
:sectnums:

image::sergiovieri.png[width="200", align="left"]

== PROJECT: Acquizition

This project portfolio documents my contributions towards Acquizition, a team project under a software engineering module in NUS, known as CS2103T.

The purpose of this portfolio is to summarize the features that I have implemented, as well as some excerpts of the User and Developer Guide that I have written.

---

== Overview

Acquizition is a desktop flashcard application for subject revision and language acquisition.

Using a scientifically-grounded SRS (Spaced Repetition System), Acquizition maximizes memory retention by testing the terms most likely to be forgotten soon.

Created with JavaFX, Acquizition has a sleek and intuitive GUI (Graphical User Interface) to streamline the experience for new users, but also sports a CLI (Command Line Interface) to maximize the efficiency of power users. It is written in Java and has around 14k lines of code.

== Summary of contributions

* *Major enhancement*: added *the complete quiz mode*, including the full GUI and quiz backend commands. +
The quiz GUI includes the flashcard card view pane on the right, and the quiz panel on the left. +
The quiz commands includes `quiz`, `good` feedback, `bad` feedback, and smart command.

** What it does: allows the user to conveniently test and keep track their understanding of the flashcards inside the card collection
** Justification: This feature improves the product significantly as it is the main feature that Acquizition offers. It also contains a smart command feature where the user can quickly navigate through the cards without having to type redundant commands.
** Highlights: This enhancement required an in-depth analysis of design alternatives, since the quiz mode needs seamless swapping of the card collection GUI and the quiz mode GUI. The implementation too was challenging as separation of different modes and interaction of logic and dynamic UI parts is needed.
** Credits: I learned and applied concepts from CS2103T and the existing codebase.
** Related code: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/46[Advanced Quiz Mode], https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/27[Flashcard Card View]

* *Minor enhancement*:
** Replaces the menu bar with a much more intuitive toolbar. Since menu bar only supports exit and help, moving it to the toolbar with just those two buttons is more reasonable.
*** Related code: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/49[Toolbar]
** Modifies the existing person model to flashcard model, including its components.
*** Related code: https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pull/22[Refactor Flashcard Fields]

* *Other contributions*:

** Project management:
*** Set up Github repository and https://github.com/cs2103-ay1819s2-t12-2/main/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+author%3Asergiovieri[issues]
*** https://github.com/CS2103-AY1819S2-T12-2/main/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Asergiovieri+is%3Aclosed[Reviewed and approved several PRs]
** Enhancements to existing features:
*** Updated the GUI color scheme (Pull requests https://github.com[#33], https://github.com[#34])
*** Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests https://github.com[#36], https://github.com[#38])
** Documentation:
*** Did cosmetic tweaks to existing contents of the User Guide: https://github.com[#14]
** Community:
*** PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): https://github.com[#12], https://github.com[#32], https://github.com[#19], https://github.com[#42]
*** Contributed to forum discussions (examples:  https://github.com[1], https://github.com[2], https://github.com[3], https://github.com[4])
*** Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples:  https://github.com[1], https://github.com[2], https://github.com[3])
*** Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates (https://github.com[1], https://github.com[2])
** Code contributed: https://nus-cs2103-ay1819s2.github.io/cs2103-dashboard/#search=Ser[Reposense]
** Tools:
*** Set Up Travis, AppVeyor, Coveralls, and Codacy
*** Set Up GithubPages
*** Set the minimum requirements for code to be merged to master.

== Contributions to the User Guide


|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the User Guide. They showcase my ability to write documentation targeting end-users._
|===

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=quiz]

include::../UserGuide.adoc[tag=command-summary]

== Contributions to the Developer Guide

|===
|_Given below are sections I contributed to the Developer Guide. They showcase my ability to write technical documentation and the technical depth of my contributions to the project._
|===

include::../DeveloperGuide.adoc[tag=quiz]

== Learning Outcomes
* Able to work in a team with responsibilities of different part of code
* Learned how to implement features based on user stories
