docs/UserGuide.adoc, before:

= Acquizition - User Guide
:site-section: UserGuide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:xrefstyle: full
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/cs2103-ay1819s2-t12-2/main

By: `Team T12-2`      Since: `Feb 2019`      Licence: `MIT`

== Introduction

_Acquizition_ is a *desktop app* for easy language acquisition
and memory retention. By using a Spaced Repetition System (SRS),
_Acquizition_ cleverly determines which flashcards should be
tested to maximize recollection.

Additionally, _Acquizition_ provides a user-friendly Graphical
User Interface (GUI) to create and edit flashcards. It also
provides a Command-Line Interface (CLI) to streamline the
experience for more experienced users.

Interested? Jump to the <<Quick Start>> to get started. Enjoy!

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `9` or later installed in your Computer.
.  Download the latest `acquizition.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for your
cards collection.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
+
image::Ui.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* *`find`* : lists all contacts
* **`add`**`add f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish` : adds a flash card with `Hola` on
the front of the card, `Hello` on the back of the card, and `Spanish` as the
tag.
* **`delete`**`3` : deletes the 3rd flash card shown in the current list
* *`exit`* : exits the app

.  Refer to <<Features>> for details of each command.

[[Features]]
== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in
 `add f/FRONT TEXT b/BACK TEXT`, `FRONT TEXT` and `BACK TEXT` are parameters which can be used as
 `add f/Hola b/Hello`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `f/FRONT TEXT b/BACK TEXT [t/TAG]` can be used
 as `f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish` or as `f/Hola b/Hello`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times
e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/Spanish`,
`t/language t/Chinese` etc.
* Parameters can be in any order e.g. if the command specifies `f/FRONT TEXT
b/BACK TEXT`, `b/BACK TEXT f/FRONT TEXT` is also acceptable.
====

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

=== Adding a flashcard: `add`

Adds a new Flashcard to a collection

Format: `​add f/[FRONT TEXT] b/[BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION TAG]​...​`

****
* A Flashcard can have any number of collection tags (including 0). A
collection tag specifies which collection a specific card belongs to. For
example “Spanish” tag to specify that the flashcard belongs to a collection of Spanish flashcards. If no tag is specified the flash card belongs to the entire collection of flashcards created (including those with tags)._
* A Flashcard can have a single diagram on its back specified by a given
path (optional)
****

Examples:

* `add f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish`
* `add f/First Law of Thermodynamics b/Energy can neither be
created nor destroyed d/”Documents/formula.png” t/Physics t/A-levels`

=== Editing a flashcard : `edit`

Edits an existing Flashcard +

Format: ​`edit INDEX [f/FRONT TEXT] [b/BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION
TAG]...​`

****
* Edits the flashcard at the specified INDEX. The index refers to the index
number shown in the list of all flashcards command. The index must be a positive
 integer 1, 2, 3, ...​ (not 0 based)
* When editing the a Collection Tag, the existing tags of the flashcard will
 be removed i.e. if you want to add a new collection tag you must restate all
  previous collection tags and add the new one
* If none of the options fields are provided the program simply displays the
 current information of the flashcard (front text, back text, diagram path
 and tags)
* You can remove all collection tags associated with a flashcard by typing
​t/​ without specifying any tags after it * Similarly you can remove a
diagram associated with a flashcard by typing ​d/
* After an edit of one or more fields, the program will display the updated
 information of the flashcard (front text, back text, diagram path and tags).
****

Examples:

* `edit 2` +
This will display the current information of the flashcard at index 2
* `edit 1 f/Halo t/BahasaIndonesia` +
Flashcard at index 1 will be edited and the updated information will be displayed

=== Locating a Flashcard by keyword: `find`

Finds flashcards whose names contain any of the given keywords. +

Format: ​`find [KEYWORD]... [f/KEYWORD]... [b/KEYWORD]... [t/KEYWORD]...`

****
* Finds the flashcard(s) that contains the given keyword(s)
****

Examples:

* `find f/你好 t/language` +
This will display flashcards that contains the given keyword in language tag
* `find t/spanish` +
This will display all flashcards with spanish tag
* `find` +
This will display all flashcards

=== Deleting a flashcard : `delete`

Deletes an existing Flashcard. +

Format: `delete INDEX`

****
* Deletes the flashcard at the specified INDEX.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the list all flashcards command.
* The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
****

Examples:

* `find` +
`delete 2` +
Deletes the 2nd flashcard in the list.
* `find f/Quiz` +
`delete 1` +
Deletes the 1st flashcard in the results of the `find` command.

=== Quiz mode : ​`quiz`

Enter quiz mode. A card will be shown to the user one by one randomly with distribution based
on accuracy of each flashcard. The user then can self-verify whether he/she correctly guess the other side of the flashcard.

Format: `​quiz [t/TAG] []`

****
* Enters quiz mode. If no tags are given, all cards can be shown.
****

Examples:

* `quiz t/chinese`

=== Show progress statistics : `s​tats`
Show statistics for the cards with the given tag, or all cards if tag is not specified, including
accuracy, number of tries, etc.

Format: `​stats [t/TAG]`

****
* Shows the statistics of the cards with the given tag. If no tags are given, statistics of all cards will be shown.
****

Examples:

* `stats t/physics`

=== Upload flashcards : `upload`
Uploads a set of Flashcards from a text file

Format: `upload PATH`

****
* Adds a set of Flashcards from a text file specified by PATH to the existing collection of Flashcards
* The format of the file for upload should correspond to the file created by the share command `[coming in v2.0]`
****

Examples:

* `upload C:\Users\Alice\Downloads\spanishCards.txt`

=== Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all flash cards. +
Format: `clear`

=== Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

_Acquizition_ data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command
that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

=== Share flashcards `[coming in v2.0]`
Share a collection of flashcards specified by tags through email


// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command `[coming in v2.0]`

Restores the flash card collection to the state before the previous _undoable_
command was executed. +


=== Redoing the previously undone command `[coming in v2.0]`

Reverses the most recent `undo` command.
// end::undoredo[]

== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file
it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Aqquizition
folder.

*Q*: How do I list all of my flash cards? +
*A*: Use command `find` to list all flash cards.

== Command Summary

* *Add* `​add [f/FRONT TEXT] [b/BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION TAG]​..
.​` +
e.g. `add f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish`
* *Clear* : `clear`
* *Delete* : `delete INDEX` +
e.g. `delete 3`
* *Edit* : `edit INDEX [f/FRONT TEXT] [b/BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION
 TAG]...​`` +
e.g. `edit 1 f/Halo t/BahasaIndonesia`
* *Find* : `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
e.g. `find James Jake`
* *List* : `list`
* *Help* : `help`
* *History* : `history`

Commit message:

docs/UserGuide: include information about the user guide

docs/UserGuide.adoc, after:

= Acquizition - User Guide
:site-section: UserGuide
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toc-placement: preamble
:sectnums:
:imagesDir: images
:stylesDir: stylesheets
:xrefstyle: full
:experimental:
ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
endif::[]
:repoURL: https://github.com/cs2103-ay1819s2-t12-2/main

By: `Team T12-2`      Since: `Feb 2019`      Licence: `MIT`

== Introduction

_Acquizition_ is a *desktop app* for easy language acquisition
and memory retention. By using a Spaced Repetition System (SRS),
_Acquizition_ cleverly determines which flashcards should be
tested to maximize recollection.

Additionally, _Acquizition_ provides a user-friendly Graphical
User Interface (GUI) to create and edit flashcards. It also
provides a Command-Line Interface (CLI) to streamline the
experience for more experienced users.

This user guide provides in-depth documentation on the _Acquizition_
installation process, command format and Frequently
Asked Questions (FAQs). Jump to <<Quick Start>>
to get started. Enjoy!

== Quick Start

.  Ensure you have Java version `9` or later installed in your Computer.
.  Download the latest `acquizition.jar` link:{repoURL}/releases[here].
.  Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the home folder for your
cards collection.
.  Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI should appear in a few seconds.
+
image::Ui.png[width="790"]
+
.  Type the command in the command box and press kbd:[Enter] to execute it. +
e.g. typing *`help`* and pressing kbd:[Enter] will open the help window.
.  Some example commands you can try:

* *`find`* : lists all contacts
* **`add`**`add f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish` : adds a flash card with `Hola` on
the front of the card, `Hello` on the back of the card, and `Spanish` as the
tag.
* **`delete`**`3` : deletes the 3rd flash card shown in the current list
* *`exit`* : exits the app

.  Refer to <<Features>> for details of each command.

[[Features]]
== Features

====
*Command Format*

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user e.g. in
 `add f/FRONT TEXT b/BACK TEXT`, `FRONT TEXT` and `BACK TEXT` are parameters which can be used as
 `add f/Hola b/Hello`.
* Items in square brackets are optional e.g `f/FRONT TEXT b/BACK TEXT [t/TAG]` can be used
 as `f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish` or as `f/Hola b/Hello`.
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times
e.g. `[t/TAG]...` can be used as `{nbsp}` (i.e. 0 times), `t/Spanish`,
`t/language t/Chinese` etc.
* Parameters can be in any order e.g. if the command specifies `f/FRONT TEXT
b/BACK TEXT`, `b/BACK TEXT f/FRONT TEXT` is also acceptable.
====

=== Viewing help : `help`

Format: `help`

=== Adding a flashcard: `add`

Adds a new Flashcard to a collection

Format: `​add f/[FRONT TEXT] b/[BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION TAG]​...​`

****
* A Flashcard can have any number of collection tags (including 0). A
collection tag specifies which collection a specific card belongs to. For
example “Spanish” tag to specify that the flashcard belongs to a collection of Spanish flashcards. If no tag is specified the flash card belongs to the entire collection of flashcards created (including those with tags)._
* A Flashcard can have a single diagram on its back specified by a given
path (optional)
****

Examples:

* `add f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish`
* `add f/First Law of Thermodynamics b/Energy can neither be
created nor destroyed d/”Documents/formula.png” t/Physics t/A-levels`

=== Editing a flashcard : `edit`

Edits an existing Flashcard +

Format: ​`edit INDEX [f/FRONT TEXT] [b/BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION
TAG]...​`

****
* Edits the flashcard at the specified INDEX. The index refers to the index
number shown in the list of all flashcards command. The index must be a positive
 integer 1, 2, 3, ...​ (not 0 based)
* When editing the a Collection Tag, the existing tags of the flashcard will
 be removed i.e. if you want to add a new collection tag you must restate all
  previous collection tags and add the new one
* If none of the options fields are provided the program simply displays the
 current information of the flashcard (front text, back text, diagram path
 and tags)
* You can remove all collection tags associated with a flashcard by typing
​t/​ without specifying any tags after it * Similarly you can remove a
diagram associated with a flashcard by typing ​d/
* After an edit of one or more fields, the program will display the updated
 information of the flashcard (front text, back text, diagram path and tags).
****

Examples:

* `edit 2` +
This will display the current information of the flashcard at index 2
* `edit 1 f/Halo t/BahasaIndonesia` +
Flashcard at index 1 will be edited and the updated information will be displayed

=== Locating a Flashcard by keyword: `find`

Finds flashcards whose names contain any of the given keywords. +

Format: ​`find [KEYWORD]... [f/KEYWORD]... [b/KEYWORD]... [t/KEYWORD]...`

****
* Finds the flashcard(s) that contains the given keyword(s)
****

Examples:

* `find f/你好 t/language` +
This will display flashcards that contains the given keyword in language tag
* `find t/spanish` +
This will display all flashcards with spanish tag
* `find` +
This will display all flashcards

=== Deleting a flashcard : `delete`

Deletes an existing Flashcard. +

Format: `delete INDEX`

****
* Deletes the flashcard at the specified INDEX.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the list all flashcards command.
* The index *must be a positive integer* 1, 2, 3, ...
****

Examples:

* `find` +
`delete 2` +
Deletes the 2nd flashcard in the list.
* `find f/Quiz` +
`delete 1` +
Deletes the 1st flashcard in the results of the `find` command.

=== Quiz mode : ​`quiz`

Enter quiz mode. A card will be shown to the user one by one randomly with distribution based
on accuracy of each flashcard. The user then can self-verify whether he/she correctly guess the other side of the flashcard.

Format: `​quiz [t/TAG] []`

****
* Enters quiz mode. If no tags are given, all cards can be shown.
****

Examples:

* `quiz t/chinese`

=== Show progress statistics : `s​tats`
Show statistics for the cards with the given tag, or all cards if tag is not specified, including
accuracy, number of tries, etc.

Format: `​stats [t/TAG]`

****
* Shows the statistics of the cards with the given tag. If no tags are given, statistics of all cards will be shown.
****

Examples:

* `stats t/physics`

=== Upload flashcards : `upload`
Uploads a set of Flashcards from a text file

Format: `upload PATH`

****
* Adds a set of Flashcards from a text file specified by PATH to the existing collection of Flashcards
* The format of the file for upload should correspond to the file created by the share command `[coming in v2.0]`
****

Examples:

* `upload C:\Users\Alice\Downloads\spanishCards.txt`

=== Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all flash cards. +
Format: `clear`

=== Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program. +
Format: `exit`

=== Saving the data

_Acquizition_ data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command
that changes the data. +
There is no need to save manually.

=== Share flashcards `[coming in v2.0]`
Share a collection of flashcards specified by tags through email


// tag::undoredo[]
=== Undoing previous command `[coming in v2.0]`

Restores the flash card collection to the state before the previous _undoable_
command was executed. +


=== Redoing the previously undone command `[coming in v2.0]`

Reverses the most recent `undo` command.
// end::undoredo[]

== FAQ

*Q*: How do I transfer my data to another Computer? +
*A*: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file
it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous Aqquizition
folder.

*Q*: How do I list all of my flash cards? +
*A*: Use command `find` to list all flash cards.

== Command Summary

* *Add* `​add [f/FRONT TEXT] [b/BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION TAG]​..
.​` +
e.g. `add f/Hola b/Hello t/Spanish`
* *Clear* : `clear`
* *Delete* : `delete INDEX` +
e.g. `delete 3`
* *Edit* : `edit INDEX [f/FRONT TEXT] [b/BACK TEXT] [d/DIAGRAM] [t/COLLECTION
 TAG]...​`` +
e.g. `edit 1 f/Halo t/BahasaIndonesia`
* *Find* : `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` +
e.g. `find James Jake`
* *List* : `list`
* *Help* : `help`
* *History* : `history`
